Welcome. I'll now introduce
you to BERT objective.
You'll see what you are
trying to minimize.
Specifically, I'll
show you how you
can combine word embeddings,
sentence embeddings, and
positional embeddings as inputs.
Let's take a look at
how you can do this.
You're going to learn how
Bert inputs are fed into
the model and the different types
of inputs and their structures.
Then you going to
visualize the outputs.
Finally, you're going to learn
about the Bert objective.
Formalizing the inputs,
this is the Bert's
input representation.
You start with
positional embedding,
so they allow you to indicate
the position in the
sentence of the word.
Where each word is in the
corresponding sentence.
You have this, then you have
the segment embeddings.
They allow you to indicate
whether it's a sentence
A or sentence B.
Remember, in BERT we also
use next census prediction.
Then you have the
token embeddings
or the inputs embeddings.
You also have a CLS token,
which is used to indicate
the beginning of
the sentence and accept token,
which is used to indicate
the end of the sentence.
What you do, is just take
the sum of the token embeddings,
the segmentation embeddings,
and the position embeddings,
and then you get your new inputs.
Over here you can see you
have masked sentence A.
You have must sentence B,
they go into tokens.
Then you have the CLS token,
which is a special
classification symbol
added in front of every input.
Then you have the sub-token,
which is the special
separator token.
You convert them
into the embeddings,
so then you get your
transformer blocks.
Then you can see at the end
you get the your T_1 to T_N.
Your T_1', T_M' prime.
These are each T_I
embedding will be used
to predict the mask toward
VI simple soft max.
You have this c also
embedding which can be used
for next sentence prediction.
Let's look at the BERT objective.
For the multi-mask
language model,
use a cross entropy loss
to predict the word that's
being masked or the words
that are being masked.
Then you add this to
a binary loss for the
next census predictions.
Given the two sentences to the
follow one another or not.
In summary, you've seen
the Bert objective
and you've seen the model
inputs and outputs.
You've learned about all
the major concepts in BERT.
In the next video
I'll show you how
you can fine tune this
pre-trained model.
Specifically, I'll show
you how you can use it to
your own tasks for
your own projects.
Please go onto the next video.